Mention official packages in the readme (#40)
sindresorhus/gh-got: readme.md

> Convenience wrapper for [Got](https://github.com/sindresorhus/got) to interact with the [GitHub API](https://developer.github.com/v3/)

> If you're not already using Got, you should probably use GitHub's own [@octokit/rest.js](https://github.com/octokit/rest.js) library.

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
Unless you just need this for a single API call, you should probably use GitHub's own [@octokit/rest.js](https://github.com/octokit/rest.js) package instead.
```

Reviewer: Can you include the GraphQL package too?

Author: > this for a single API call

Arguably you shouldn't use got for a single call either

Author: ```suggestion
Unless you're already using Got, you should probably use GitHub's own [@octokit/rest.js](https://github.com/octokit/rest.js) or [@octokit/graphql.js](https://github.com/octokit/graphql.js) packages instead.
```
